Add documentation about running federation tests (#2909)
owncloud/phoenix: README.md

    3. install the Chrome browser and let yarn start & run selenium (remember to set `LOCAL_UPLOAD_DIR` though)
    4. Use standalone selenium server (remember to set `SELENIUM_HOST`, `SELENIUM_PORT` and `LOCAL_UPLOAD_DIR`).
- run `yarn run acceptance-tests <feature-files-to-test>`

> - to run federation tests, follow the steps below:                         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- to run federation tests:
```

Author: fixed

>    1. Install and setup a remote ownCloud server with different name than that of already installed local ownCloud server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Install and setup a second ownCloud server-instance that is accessible by a different URL. That second server must have its own database and data directory.
```

Author: fixed

>    2. clone and install testing app into remote ownCloud server from http://github.com/owncloud/testing .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. clone and install testing app into the second ownCloud server-instance from http://github.com/owncloud/testing .
```

Author: fixed

>    3. run `REMOTE_BACKEND_HOST=http://<ip_address_of_remote_ownCloud_server> yarn run acceptance-tests <feature-files-to-test>` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. when running the acceptance tests use  `REMOTE_BACKEND_HOST` env. variable to define its address e.g. `REMOTE_BACKEND_HOST=http://<ip_address_of_seconc_ownCloud_server> yarn run acceptance-tests <feature-files-to-test>` .
```

Author: fixed
